Well, now how are you guys?
I hope you are very well I am bowls
deck and the new video distracted that is
on how to get good dragons
appearance give the elven dragon that I
it seems that it is called like that to get it
before it goes on the calendar
Christmas that I'm sure will come out there
we go here quickly to the page
that I will leave you in the description once
there on that page if you see them from atl
and only after five seconds or
just delete in the click-click's
the
from above and leave the page as is
is and they bring the page as it happened to me
to me
well we quickly seek our
facebook aid and if you do not know how to take out here
I showed you here are you and good for
start you have to right click
here to white see font of the frame
here is your wide and
we paste it here
and aydin succession have to give it here
control f look for session
they copy and paste
once here they give the dragon city
and as you can see already download all your
data that I have here I already have charge
my data now we give you here in byd
dragons for 25 gems
forgive this sick and good here
we lower this
that will be up to down because
down to the bottom are the dragons that have
stepped out
as you can see here are several cheeses
already the majority
and in the video about this christmas
dragon christmas abstract 25 gems and yes
they want to see these other two
dragons
that of course I already knew my channel is
the rock you there dragon and the king
Solomon Dragon is free for 25 gems
we need to make many videos ok let's go
with what we carry with the christmas
dragon
here they are simply to select
here where is the little box that knows what
honey I also go and will buy
As you can see, the
688 gems now we're just going to
our dragon city we reload the page
we wait for him to carry this
and connect it and something like that sometimes
it disappears so it does not download it only
wait 30 minutes and they will charge normal
as usual
ok once here we close this ad
we also have these ads that
it seems that our site lately and
Well let's show that our 103 more
dragon of dragons form life here is
and instead of doing this I with a slice that
I will pass it directly to your habitat that
obviously you can show it right now but
I'll make a video about that
so I'm going to put the pause
Well, here we are already back,
six here and now where to find me the
dragon in the habitat and the side that is
where I put it
and I take this opportunity to tell you that please
pass the videos because as I'm going to upload
like many of milestone
like the four, some will not be
so visited, I ask you that the
come in here you can see it
for dragons for christmas ok here you
we change the name I will put you believe more
fats and nothing else
dragon
sorry
okay
here is his tapado we feed him for
reach level 4
there is always metro will m
we feed level 4
here are to see his next stage and
I take the opportunity to recommend the channel
marlon gómez
upload many good hacks videos and he
has helped me one thanks to him in
these videos since they gave me the gems
here you can see your stage 2 this window
of a palette and it falls on the head that
feed tackle the stage
3 but feed it directly to
level 25 and we will see your stage the last
and as you can see I'm going up to
level 25
that by the way I will upload all the best
that I have
let's see its last stage
and the marlon gómez channel will be left
the distribution before it happens to me
ok how could we just with your here with
his candy cane threw him to the ground
how to cross with lightning or something
ok let's go to the training center
quickly
we look for that dragon that is this
Christmas and you can see that he has the blow
of karate
in the 'chrono' gene
wicked spell and freezing wind
there are no good attacks and very good aragua
nice christmas dragons there this
dragon I just got it good
thanks to the hat is King Solomon at
just as I got it also with the
rock feller if I ask them what
see them leave in the description the two
and see them and pass the ones that we place
probable for Christmas and so I will fight
because I know we will win the battle
but they messed up
and another one in case the doubts that will be the
Quick
we are going to fight them in entering
and we send him a kick of help
because I really do not remember many
children
the ice and the plant of the win to the metal
but as you can see here I defeated him
This dragon is very nice indeed
they want to buy it
good is your decision because if you
comes to pass a reset something like that with the
step then not then do not walk me throwing
the fault I'm just showing to
the hacks you are your decision to make it
or not but I think they are already
Restarting also those who report you
well, I think you do them
he is a critical leg of judo
and I'm sure that with the star the
defeat in
all right
A) Yes
and well, you guys, this, especially the
video if you liked this video please
I like to comment on it and share it
and by the way visit the videos that
they are going up good to him we
the Aragonese that I told them
previously that has been all see you
until the next video even though I think
which is in the hobby or poker dragon or the
will with so until the next friends
Take care
bye